hi I'm Chuck these are Walker and
welcome to mash up here's why we take
grandma and momma's recipes and mash
them into our own I've got a few friends
coming over today and for them I'm
making a desi shepherd's pie which is
the ultimate comfort food and how am I
going to make it stay tuned to find out
more
for about four to five people depending
on how hungry they are I'm using 500
grams of mutton mince which is keema
I have finely chopped about 2 to 3
medium sized onions I've got a paste of
about 12 cloves of garlic 6 to 7 fresh
green chillies and a half a half inch
piece of ginger I also have a paste of
coriander and mint leaves which is Tanya
and pedina I need about a tablespoon and
a half of this paste I'm going to use
about a half a teaspoon of turmeric and
a teaspoon full of garam masala the
normal garam masala that we have in the
house
I have salt to taste I'm going to use
about one and a half teaspoons of ghee
which is clarified butter and I'm going
to top it up with about 5 small sized
boiled potatoes of course I need some
water to steam the keema you could use
chicken mince but mutton just tastes
better I'm going to start off by
steaming the keema
I'm going to add the pace now the
coriander and padena paste half a
teaspoon of honey I'm going to add a
little bit of water and now the fun part
mash up just going to rub the masalas
into the meat and you can smell the
flavors it's just going to be impossible
to you know get your tummy rumbling once
it starts cooking because this aroma is
heaven now that I'm done with the mash
up I'm going to get this to steam
you need to cover it up so that the heat
is sort of retain and your kima doesn't
become tough let's start the gas
it should take about 15 to 20 minutes
now what makes our desi Shepherd pie
they see is the onions for which I'm
going to start frying them I'm gonna use
about medium heat and start off with
half the butter because the other half
is going to go on top of the potatoes
half of the key that we've taken now
that the butter is melted I'm going to
throw in the onions
my touch to the shepherd's pie is a lot
of caramelized onion because that's
what's going to make it feel like my
mama's keema Powderly I'm going to add
some garam masala
window quickly started
now that the onions are nearly done I'm
gonna check on the keema it's been about
15 to 20 minutes and the keema should be
done and it is done
I'm gonna put the lid back on and now
I'm gonna add it to our onions
after giving it a third of stop where I
made sure that the keema which was a
huge kind of a mass after it was cooked
and just spread it up a little to kind
of soak in the masala now I'm going to
cover it and let the keema and the
onions cook for about five to ten
minutes but it's time to start
preheating the oven I'm going to set the
heat to about 180 and I need to preheat
for about 25 minutes the oven is heating
and the keema has had its 10 minutes I'm
now going to add salt to it and mix it
up
your base for the shepherd's pie is done
I'm going to now pour this into the pie
dish you want to be sure to put the
keema all over in a flattened layer
because your potatoes are going to kind
of cover them up now we're ready for the
potatoes I'm using my grandmother's
time-tested grater
I'm just going to even out the potatoes
what I want to do also is to seal the
moisture inside the keema mixture so
that when it bakes it's sort of hooks
within itself now I'm going to drizzle a
bit of tea on top just to make sure the
potatoes get crispy with my keep potato
and keema I'm now ready to go into the
oven in the hot hot oven goes i yum yum
pie we are going to need about 25
minutes in the oven and our pie is done
there you have it there's no comfort
food like a desi shepherd's pie don't
forget to subscribe to India Food
Network because you won't regret it
you